Documenting here how to set up an empty scene with all the necessary VN elements and stuff.

1. Add "SaveMenu" and "SayDialogue" prefabs from Assets/Prefabs/VNCoreObjects.
2. Add "SaveData", "Flowchart", "Stage", and "View" objects from Tools(at the top of the editor) > Fungus > Create. In the hierarchy, select
   the SaveData object. Add the flowchart object you created to the "Flowcharts" property in the inspector window.
3. Add a background: Create a GameObject with only Transform and Sprite Renderer components. Set the Sprite of the Sprite Renderer to your
   background image. In the Scene View, place the "View" object over the background sprite.
   TODO: The background is messed up because the viewport can be different sizes. Need some way for the background to appear the same no 
   matter the screen size.

Now to add the main part of the dialogue, editing the Flowchart:
4. In the hierarchy, select the flowchart GameObject. If you don't have it open already, open the Flowchart editor window by clicking 
   Window > Windows > Flowchart.
5. Set up loading: In the Flowchart editor, add a new node (right click > Add Block). Change the "Execute On Event" property to "Save Point
   Loaded".
   A. The "Save Point Keys" properties mean that "Whenever the player loads a game from these nodes, execute this Save Point Loaded node".
	  A Save Point Loaded node will set up the scene (placing characters, changing the background) when the player loads the game.
	  Character sprites won't appear if the game is loaded and a Save Point Loaded node doesn't create those character sprites on the
	  screen, even if they appear when playing though the game normally. Therefore, it is key to create a Save Point Loaded node for all
	  the nodes that the player can load the game from and that have different characters on the screen. It's annoying, I know. Will try
	  to figure out a better way to do this.
6. Set up dialogue flow: Create a new node, or use the default one that comes with a new Flowchart object. Set "Execute On Event" to 
   "Game Started". Change the name of the node to something clean, descriptive, and concise. The node name is displayed to the player when
   they save the game, and can be fairly long if need be. I've gone with the template "Day # - [Location/Time/Action]".
7. Add a "Save Point" command to the node. These nodes allow the player to save their game at that point in the flowchart. You should place
   a Save Point command at every node that you want to allow the player to resume their game from. I don't think every node needs a Save
   Point, just ones that preceed decisions or long dialogue segments.
8. Add Characters to the scene: Every person that appears in this scene needs a Character GameObject. Add the prefabs for each Character
   from Assets/Prefabs/Characters, or create a new prefab if it doesn't exist already.